---
date: ""
published: true
title: "New-post"
---

## Hope for Homeowners

Hey there. It’s been a few weeks since you first downloaded my special report "The 5 Fastest Ways To Stop Foreclosure in 48 Hours Or Less"

Have you made any progress in stopping your foreclosure?

If you have decided to sell your house and would like to sell it quickly, I can help. I’m an active real estate investor in your area and am always looking for properties. I can make an all cash fair market offer and close quickly.

If there’s anything I can do assist you please don’t hesitate to call my office at: 865-321-8999 or email me at: volhomes1@gmail.com

Today I’d like to remind you that there is hope.  And in fact, there’s a bill referred to as Hope For Homeowners with a 300 billion dollar loan guarantee designed to help homeowners who are under water refinance their homes.

Under Hope for Homeowners a homeowner who now owes more on their house than what it is worth could apply to the program and receive a write-down of the value of their mortgage to 90% of its current market value. 

In addition to the 90% write-down of the current market value, there would also be a 3% FHA refinance fee added to the new mortgage amount.  The new mortgage would then be at current market interest rates plus a 1.5% annual surcharge.  The new interest rate would not be competitive. 

Finally, there is the back-end kicker in HoHo. When a homeowner has accessed the program and then later on realizes some value appreciation in their property due to the market changing then when the homeowner either refinances to lower the interest rate from the high 8% or sells the property, HoHo will take half of any appreciation.  

Again, if you decide to sell quickly, don’t hesitate to call my office for a fair offer at: 865-321-8999 or email me at: volhomes1@gmail.com

For more information please visit: http://volhomes.com

Sincerely,
​Cassidy

Enter text in [Markdown](http://daringfireball.net/projects/markdown/). Use the toolbar above, or click the **?** button for formatting help.
